hashtag say the animals hashtag
cruelty-free hashtag so vegan hashtag be
in activism now I've been online looking
for some more ethical clothing brands
and I came across this I had 4 t-shirts
which are extremely bright color printed
here in Thailand with a little bit like
vegan controversial signs so let's check
them up now if I was going to the border
of actually getting t-shirts plenty I
would make sure that i had my spelling
great oh no no no no no no no no no
you're missing the other fundamental
absurdity here if your method of
activism is wearing a t-shirt what sense
does it make if you live in Thailand and
the t shirt is printed in English who is
going to read the t-shirt when you live
in Chiang Mai Thailand
I recorded this in five seconds I'm
going to the gym right now I'm wearing a
plain black t-shirt if anyone wants to
talk to me about veganism I'm going to
answer them in the world's slowest and
most broken Chinese what the actual [ __ ]
now all this dancing and prancing around
is that supposed to be hot as it's
supposed to be sexy is that supposed to
sell your teachers because it's not
hashtag save the animals hashtag
cruelty-free hashtag so vegan hashtag be
in activism so vegan Ava it's on patreon
and I have decided to create a patreon
account I'm just not gonna tell you and
it [ __ ] that if you're going to send
me money I'm gonna use it for suing doin
right there or creating some lawsuit
against during rather now Ava we know
that you're not going to use the money
to take dirty and radar decor cuz you're
[ __ ] love the guy you worship pan and
no we're not saying that you're a clone
of them you just kiss his ass I'm not
gonna scam you like this I'm just one
hundred percent honest with my viewers I
was always honest in my videos I'm
always sharing my honest opinion oh no
Ava I honestly believe in all your
videos you are truly honest and
authentic it's just a shame that that
just shows have brainless hell mindless
and so dumb that you actually are so let
me get this straight the rest of the
world would work hard at their jobs and
then you expect them to send their hard
earned cash to you to fund this fantasy
always say oh that you have and Chiang
Mai raiding up the same mountain every
day with your vegan t-shirt and the name
of activism calling yourself a vegan
activist yeah let's alternate to vegan
ever know both axial it's really nice
feeling that
my word is actually helping someone
helping someone helping someone honestly
I would love to know who he can Eva has
helped Oh many ironies to this whole
situation I'm not an athlete I'm not
selling a diet book I'm in better shape
than most of these people who have
[ __ ] diet book weight loss permanent
vacation channels I spend my whole life
hunched over a stack of books here in
China back when I was in Canada was a
different stack of books but man same
deal same lifestyle this this scene I'm
not going to say community the scene
people have created consists of models
who are not really models hollow fake
talent filmmakers who are not really
filmmakers people who are not really
making films we're asking you to donate
money to support their their filmmaking
career but there is there are no films
there is no filmmaking there's just no
legitimacy to it and yes of course a
political activists who don't do
activism you know ultimately vegan
revolution he got up to like seven
hundred dollars a month on patreon
because what he promised was hardcore
activism where's the activism is what I
do is not activism I have both videos
and podcasts in which I say openly you
know what I'm doing in my life right now
living in China is not activism activist
would be impossible for me here I think
there are vegans all over the world
whether you're in the army or you have a
job on a cruise ship or you have a job
at starbucks or just due to poverty or
what-have-you activism is not available
to everybody I just put a video up in
which I was reflecting at length that
activism can mean different things to
different people it could be writing a
children's book it could be writing a
blog it could be looking around your
community and seeing if there are five
or ten people you can get organized with
to do something meaningful but for some
of us activism is not an option at all
whether that's you guys you're too busy
to poor you don't have the stability in
your life I'm literally living in a
school in China right now my options for
activism are almost nil but the other
big irony here is obviously I'm making
this video partly used to shout out the
vegan last send people her channel it's
wonderful vegan lass has turned around
her life in the last few months she's
turned around her perspective in the
world she's turning around her channel
and talking about
issues than veganism so you know respect
to her last you put up a screenshot of
vegan Ava's channel vegan ava has to
count them to supporters on patreon
guess what one of them is me famous what
you don't know me youngin remember like
a Republican smooth as a Democrat viga
eva has as she's another one of these
people who has defamed me and insulted
me in the worst way imaginable she
insulted me she insulted my daughter she
talked about my marriage my divorce she
said things that in any cultural
contacts would be unforgivable and I
still reached out to her I still asked
if she wanted to patch it up I still
gave the one dollar to join her patreon
if you guys like what I'm doing and you
want a bunch of creepy stories about how
horrible my life is here China pay the
one dollar join my patreon I'd love to
hear from you but for the record I did
pay one dollar to join vegan Ava's
channel I'm one of only two people who
either stupid enough or Zhijun enough
for well intentioned enough to even try
and no Ava has not written back to me
she has not tried to patch it up she's
never apologized for anything she said
against me against my wife my daughter
sheesh there has never been the
slightest stirring of a [ __ ] ethical
impulse from this woman who claims she's
so ethical that she's going to save the
world by putting on a skin-tight t-shirt
in the wrong language over her c- body
and presumably causing an uprising among
the masses in chiang mai most of whom
don't read English but I'm going to wrap
this video up here because I can only
take so much stupidity and small doses
and i'm sure you guys feel the same